README.md, before:

## Project for Data Protection and Privacy - Time Series Anonymization with (k,P)-anonymity
## Usage
- Single test <br />
	Run the **main.py** file:<br />
	`[*] Usage: python kp-anonymity.py k_value p_value paa_value max_level dataset.csv`<br />
	Where k_value must be greater than p_value, max_level must be greater than 2 and lower than 20.<br />
	This file outputs the kp-anonymisation, of the input dataset, in a new file in the **outputs** folder.<br />

- Multiple test<br />
	Run the **test.py** file:<br />
	`[*] Usage: python test.py dataset.csv multitest`<br />
	This test runs the **main.py** many times and creates a .csv file containing all the average values of the ncp of each table, saved in the **final_table** folder <br />

- Plot<br />
	Run the **test.py** file:<br />
	`[*] Usage: python test.py dataset.csv plot`<br />
	This test must be done only if you have the multiple test output in the **final_table**.<br />
	This test plots in a three-dimensional chart the output data from the **multiple test** step.<br />
	The program chooses the max_level and paa_value pair that has the best ncp, than it plots only tuples with that data.<br />
  
   <img src="IMG/plot_ExoTest.jpg" alt="Plot" width="300"/>

Commit message:

add requirements, datasets and parameters

README.md, after:

## Project for Data Protection and Privacy - Time Series Anonymization with (k,P)-anonymity

## Requirements <br /> 
- numpy v1.16.4 <br />
- pandas v0.25.0 <br />
- loguru v0.3.2 <br /> 
- saxpy v1.0.1.dev167 <br />
- matplotlib v3.1.3 <br />

## Datasets <br />
In the [datasets](/datasets "datasets") folder there are three different datasets. All dataset, to be used, must be **.csv** and must have the columns name in the first row. <br />
Our example datasets: <br />
- [ExoTest.csv](datasets/ExoTest.csv "ExoTest.csv") <br />
- [Products.csv](datasets/Products.csv "Products.csv") <br />
- [UrbanPopulation.csv](datasets/UrbanPopulation.csv "UrbanPopulation.csv") <br />
## Usage <br />
- Single test <br />
	Run the **main.py** file:<br />
	`[*] Usage: python kp-anonymity.py k_value p_value paa_value max_level dataset.csv`<br />
	Where k_value must be greater than p_value, max_level must be greater than 2 and lower than 20.<br />
	This file outputs the kp-anonymisation, of the input dataset, in a new file in the **outputs** folder.<br />

- Multiple test<br />
	Run the **test.py** file:<br />
	`[*] Usage: python test.py dataset.csv multitest`<br />
	This test runs the **main.py** many times and creates a .csv file containing all the average values of the ncp of each table, saved in the **final_table** folder <br />

- Plot<br />
	Run the **test.py** file:<br />
	`[*] Usage: python test.py dataset.csv plot`<br />
	This test must be done only if you have the multiple test output in the **final_table**.<br />
	This test plots in a three-dimensional chart the output data from the **multiple test** step.<br />
	The program chooses the max_level and paa_value pair that has the best ncp, than it plots only tuples with that data.<br />
  
   <img src="IMG/plot_ExoTest.jpg" alt="Plot" width="300"/>

## Explain Parameters <br />
- k_value: value of k-anonymity <br />
- p_value: value of p-anonymity, the pattern <br />
- paa_value: quantity of letters that can be used to describe the pattern <br />
- max_level: number of letters that can be used to describe the pattern <br />
